- [Woman] Let's start the ManagedExecutorService demo now.
First we will do all the database interactions
and the things related to the data of the objects, right?
So the first thing is create a BankAccountDao class.
So let's head back to the IDE
and under the Dao folder,
I'm going to create a class.
BankAccountDao.
So this is the class which is going to do the
database interactions for us.
Next step will be create the BankAccount
and the BankAccountTransaction beans as per the tables.
So if you look at the database.
I have the BankAccount table with these fields,
and the Transaction table with five other columns.
Do not worry about this.
The database script is already provided to you
in your exercise files.
So you will have all of this data ready with you
when you start off this demo.
So let's go to the IDE and create beans now.
Let's create one for BankAccount
to store all the BankAccount information.
And what will it have?
It will have an account number.
Then it will have the name of the account holder.
The email of the account holder
and it will also have the account type.
Okay. Let's go ahead and insert the data setters.
So right-click Insert Code,
generate getters and setters,
and select all fields, generate and just save.
Right, so BankAccount bean is ready with us.
Next, will be the BankAccountTransaction bean.
So let's go ahead and say BankAccountTransactionBean.
Let's not suffix bean,
let's just say BankAccountTransaction.
Now what are the fields
inside the BankAccountTransaction bean?
Let's go ahead and define them.
First one, of course, the account number.
I want a space between the data type
and the field name. Next is...
We have the amount for this transaction.
We will take a double type variable.
Next, we have the transaction date.
So txDate maybe?
And then we have the transaction type,
whether it was a credit or debit operation,
and then we have the
unique identifier for this transaction.
That would be a
txID which is off in digit type.
And let's quickly generate the data setters for this too.
So right-click Insert Code,
select all your properties and say Generate.
Okay, so the beans are ready with us
and the Dao is also ready with us.
We have to do one big thing here.
Now we are going to create local connection objects
the way we did in the Standard Edition demo.
Here, we are going to have a DataSource object
because we have to do connection pulling using c3p0.
Right, so I'm going to take the DataSource object
from Java Extort SQL.
This is generally how we do it in live applications
and we also have a constructor.
Which will quickly initialize the DataSource for us.
Okay, now we are going to add methods
in the BankAccountDao class.
One, is to get the BankAccount information
for all the users,
and second, to get the transaction information
for a particular BankAccount.
We'll look at this in the next video.